so in terms of conduct issues are a lot of it is is is written in black
or white I'm I would venture to say that to are maintained team could
he cohesion within the you know your division I would be best to
handle do your best to handles small issues a certain issues then with
conduct in house and as a division officer you're able to do that
I would also say to cover yourself out put it on paper it doesn't
really you know heard someone tell right someone up for conduct issue
that's no problem but other issues such as a say a sexual assault
or a you know a physical altercation things of that nature of a more
of a I guess you could say on on a higher magnet to you would definitely
take that up the chain of command this also safe to say Hey if
you're not sure asked someone you're not leading a division alone you
have assistance you have peers you have a department head all XO
see also if you're not sure it's it doesn't hurt to go to someone and
and see him user resources is what I'm saying